For this freebee pack, you have the same rights & restrictions as below, the same as if you had purchased the full set. This is not a *demo*, it is a gift to you to try before you buy, and you are welcome to keep and use these patches without any limitations other than those in the standard product Eula below. Thanks for checking out the Zebrasonix patch collection.


With your purchase you are granted certain rights. If you have any questions about specific usage rights that are not covered below, feel free to contact me at kinkos1jeffr@hotmail.com

For the most part, everyone knows what you can and cannot legally do with sounds, be they samples or presets, so I'm only going to cover a couple of the main things. Please read through carefully though, as I do tend to offer more rights than you might get with a larger company, and it's good for you to be aware of them so you can take advantage of them. :)


1) These sounds may be used in your music productions, both live, and recorded. You are also granted use of the sounds in commercial productions for which you are the writer or producer, if you are not able to claim one of those credits, then the soundset must be purchased by someone who is either the writer or producer for the music.

For example, it is not allowable to render out someone else's midi part through one of the presets in the soundbank and give them the .wav file of it. They would need to purchase a license for Zebra and the Zebrasonix soundset themselves. It is permitted for you to perform a part for a track that you will be paid for, using this soundset, even if you are not the writer or producer. However you must have a writer/producer credit, or be getting paid actual $, as in session work or work-for-hire, not a promise of something if the track goes anywhere later on down the road etc.

2) You may not render out any of the presets or variations of them for sale as loops, multi-samples, or even stabs or one-shots, I retain 100% right to do that as the creator (and for variations of them, see #3 below).

However, if a preset appears in a fully composed piece of music that you create or co-create as writer or producer, and it is the only sound at some point, that is fine, as long as it is not used for a music library of any kind (again, I reserve the sole right to do that, since it is basically the same as 'sampling' a preset in the case of pre-made library music). If it is for your own work, and the track is to be released as promotion for you as an artist/musician, and not be resold for purposes other than personal listening (which means yes, you can sell your music on your website or even through Itunes), then it is fine to have the sounds heard with nothing else playing at the same time.

3) Variations of these presets may be made and saved for your own use. 

They may not be shared with others, unless the person(s) you are sharing them with have also purchased a license for Zebrasonix. In which case it is then your choice to share your variations with someone, but only if they already have a Zebrasonix license, and it is your obligation to determine that. (ie = absolutely no public posting of them, after you determine that the person has the Zebrasonix soundset, then you can email them the variation(s) you wish to share.)

4) Lastly I would just like to thank you again for your purchase of this license, and I hope that you find lots of good uses for these synth & effect presets in your music. :)

And as I stated above, if there is a situation I have not covered here that you need to ask about, feel free to contact me, my personal email is kinkos1jeffr@hotmail.com and it is checked daily. 


Jeff - http://www.producerloops.com/Perimeter-Sound-Arts/




